Update UG with formatting and touchup (#147)
AY2425S2-CS2103T-T13-1/tp: docs/UserGuide.md

3. Copy the file to the folder you want to use as the _home folder_ for your FitFlow app.

> 4. Go to your home folder and double-click on the `.jar` file to launch the application.</br>
>     4a. Alternatively, if you are more familiar with computers, you can open a command terminal, `cd` into your home folder, and use the `java -jar fitflow.jar` command to run the application.<br>

Reviewer: It is better to swap this, based on 
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/b27646b2-92a1-4548-aeed-609c1a79ed4a)

```suggestion
4. Open a command terminal, `cd` into your home folder, and use the `java -jar fitflow.jar` command to run the application.</br>
    4a. Alternatively, if you are more familiar with computers, you can go to the folder and double-click on the `.jar` file to launch the application.<br>
```

Author: Hmm but I was thinking that this is for testing purposes. As a personal trainer, they most likely wouldn't be familiar with using command prompt to launch applications right?

Unless we teach them how to `cd` into the correct directory as well, because it won't be intuitive for them to know how to do that.

Reviewer: Oh I get what you mean, the double clicking does work for Windows but I tried on my Mac it has an issue [similar to this](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/63320019/macos-launch-jar-file-by-double-clicking) 

Do you think we should add another section for MacOS without the double clicking?

Author: Ohh understand. What about something like this:
```suggestion
4. Go to your home folder and double-click on the `.jar` file to launch the application.</br>
    * If the above does not work, try the below steps:
        1. Open a command terminal for your OS e.g. Powershell in Windows, zsh in macOS, bash in Linux
        2. Change the directory you are currently in to the home folder, using the command `cd`.
            * A simple way to find the directory is to go to the home folder your normal file browsing app and copying the directory at the address bar
        3. Use the `java -jar <FitFlow file name>.jar` command to run the application.<br>
```

Reviewer: Wow thats very nice, I don't think need the shell script if users are going to cd to the location and do "java -jar .. ". 

macOS is Command (⌘) + Space and typing "Terminal" to open a cmd terminal (Command (⌘) + Space is like Windows search bar),
also should be cd ~/Downloads right?

Author: Oh yea okay! I will edit accordingly with the given details

>     4a. Alternatively, if you are more familiar with computers, you can open a command terminal, `cd` into your home folder, and use the `java -jar fitflow.jar` command to run the application.<br>

Reviewer: might need to change fitflow.jar to the name of our final release, unless our final release name is fitflow.jar.
